these people who just got flung out of
the plane and died on impact
are the lucky ones trying to survive
being kidnapped by head hunting
cannibals
in the middle of the amazon raid forest
is a formidable challenge
do you think you could survive i'll be
breaking down the mistakes made
and explaining what you should do and
why you wouldn't survive the great
inferno
we start off with justine staring at a
handsome and charismatic leader of the
local activist group his girlfriend cara
is jealous of the intention
and gets justine to back off who is
determined to join up with the activists
in one of her classes she learns about
female genital mutilation and announces
to everyone her dad is a young lawyer
which catches the attention of jonah he
invites her to attend a meeting with the
activist change team who've got
something big in store
their plan to go to the amazon to
protest the bulldozing of indigenous
land
by oil companies the team arrives in
south america where they meet up with
their contact
a wealthy man named carlos and board his
plane it's all really suspicious
when your appointment for the entire
operation is a shady 20-something
you know you've gone wrong where are the
adults and professionals for such a
dangerous operation
at their hotel lars gets a baggie of
marijuana from carlos
and the group installs a streaming app
on their phone they'll need these to
film the hired militias working for the
companies
and it will be the only form of
protection they have in case they get
shot
sounds like a good reason to have a gun
but the team's leader alejandro
is adamant they don't need them since if
one of them gets shot then they all have
to get shot of course no one's going to
back out they're already in peru and
they're going to give in to peer
pressure if everyone else stays seated
the team arrive at a dock and are rushed
into boarding river boats which are
staffed by kochua and boatmen
they make a quick pit stop to the shore
as lars and justine
need to use the toilet justine takes the
machete on her way off the boat and lars
is given a pistol that he nearly drops
on his way off
gunshots ring out in the forest and lars
comes bolting back having
almost shot a spider that was about to
bite his junk this is not a good sign
there is some crazy stuff that is coming
to them and they can't even manage to
handle a gun
to protect themselves from a spider at
least justine shows that she's willing
to be proactive
and use the machete but this lack of
readiness and adaptability by mars is an
indicator that he's not going to do too
well when things take a violent turn for
the worse
riding on the river one of the guys
talks about his gps which doesn't
require
signal as it's connected to a satellite
which is pretty useful since where
they're going they're not going to get
any signals
cell phone or otherwise the boaters
finally arrive at their destination
where they dump their stuff onto the
shore and put on these neon safety
jumpers and blue helmets
dressing up like the local construction
crew they're told to leave everything
except their passports in case they get
arrested and head off
going deeper into the jungle where they
cautiously trek their way to the logging
site
passing by the ground crews on their
lunch break they lock themselves to the
trees
in their vehicles putting your life in
harm's way should require a great amount
of trust in this operation
considering that you don't really know
where the funding is coming from
this is not wise and all this when they
don't even know the name of the tribe
they're trying to save
they all put their masks on and begin
the stream chanting a protest slogan
as the company's militiamen arrive one
of them is able to get justine out of
her chains
destroy her phone before he points his
gun at her head but this
was all a part of the plan alejandro
announces on stream that justine's
father
works for the un and goats the militia
into shooting her
he was using her this whole time the
gunman leave them alone once they get a
phone call
and the activists are taken back by the
police to the boats they let go after
carlos bribes the cops and the group
celebrates a successful protest
except for justine who is justifiably
pissed off
suddenly one of the engines explodes and
the plane begins nose diving and crashes
into the forest the tail ripping open
killing carlos
the pilots in almost all of the
protesters who die in a myriad of ways
they still in the front are the luckiest
people on the plane they get a quick and
painless
death which is far more forgiving than
what's coming to the rest of them but
the truth is
the likelihood of surviving a plane
crash can be as high as a 95 percent
if you are sitting close to the exit in
the back of the plane and are wearing
your seatbelt that is unless you fly out
of it and if you're sitting in the front
like these guys
we've already lost you the group gets
out of the plane shaken and disturbed
and daniel insists they need to find his
gps so they can send out a distress
signal
and that's when the engine explodes
they're stranded in the amazon
with no easy way out surviving in the
jungle is daunting but
also possible if you make wise decisions
and prioritize
you want to stay close to the crash site
so that rescuers can find you more
easily
you're also more likely to find water if
you travel downhill rivers can be easier
ways to travel through a jungle and will
lead you to a village as well
but right now everyone is in shock and
they're not thinking straight
clearly alejandro realizes he can hear
the river
and if they follow it back upstream they
might be able to get help but kara walks
off into
the woods because she spots someone out
there
it almost immediately gets an arrow shot
through her neck
the others make a break for it but fall
over as they're riddled with blow darts
one after the other daniel himself
actually finds the gps but
before he can get it he's knocked out
when someone starts shooting arrows at
you
plan a goes out the window and so does
plan b and basically any other plan that
doesn't involve getting shot
you're just not going to outrun a tribal
native hunter in their own backyard so
you really don't have a chance here
justine wakes up handcuffed on a boat
along with the others who are taken
ashore
where an entire village of indigenous
people welcomed them these are the yahes
the same people who they were trying to
help passing by severed heads on spikes
they're taken into the village where
they meet the female elder
when you start seeing severed heads you
know this isn't going to end well for
you but then again if any one of them
had done basic research about the yahi
people before they left
they just might have been better
prepared for an encounter with this
brutal cannibalistic tribe
maybe that idea about bringing a gun
might have been taken a bit more
seriously
the female elder inspects them examining
them one by one
and for some reason smiles at justine
the group gets dragged and kept in a
wooden cage
except for jonah who's drugged and held
down onto a rock
in plain view of his friends the female
elder gouges his eyes
and cuts his tongue out before she eats
them he's then hacked apart
limb from limb and his blood is drunk by
the woman jonah's body is unsalted
prepared and cooked in a mud oven as the
group stand by and wonder what is going
on
alejandro desperately tries to use a
cell phone but he can't get a signal
with that option off the table he tells
everyone there's nothing they can do as
the villagers
feed on jonah's cooked body okay
everyone is shell shocked
understandably but it's time for your
survival instincts to kick in
take stock of what you have and how it
can be used for survival
the cage bars are made from wooden poles
so at night try seeing how far they go
down
as you might be able to secretly dig
yourself out if you can't
see if there's anything you can use to
cut the vines holding the cage together
or wrap your pants around the poles as
well as a strong stick then twist them
to bend the bars inwards giving yourself
more room to squeeze out of there the
best thing to do is keep watch over the
tribesmen noting where they keep their
weapons and tools
because there's a chance you'll be able
to grab one in an escape attempt but
even if you got your hands on one
they know how to use it a lot better
than you do it's possible you might
actually make it out of the cage but
you'll soon find a yahei patrolman of a
blowgun ready to take you down
and throw you back in alejandro might
actually be right there's no way out of
this
except in pieces that night the group
discusses their plan to get help
and daniel pitches the idea that they
need to get the gps before the battery
dies
but alejandro disagrees because he knows
that there are more bulldozers coming to
deforest the land
what they did earlier was useless and he
admits that it was all just a pr stunt
done to make money to fund future
protests but this could be a good thing
if they wait for three days the
bulldozers should reach this village
and then they can make their escape
thank god they chopped the jonah
that guy could feed the village for a
week the group tries to push samantha
out through the cage's ceiling
but almost immediately she gets knocked
out by a blow dart fired by the guard
standing watch over them
the next day justine is woken up by a
village girl and shows her how to play
her flute necklace which
she seems to like you never know what
could save your life
this flute might seem insignificant and
yet it's been used as the only way to
communicate
to a member of the tribe there might be
other things that you can use in the
same way
alejandra's watch lars's weed samantha's
shoes basically
anything you have on your person the
women are then taken out of the cage
and brought before the village elder who
inspects their bodies
justine is the last to be inspected and
much to the delight of the elder
she's a virgin hooray before she's then
knocked out and dragged into a hut
amy and the other guys worked together
to get samantha out first by setting an
alarm on alejandro's cell phone and
throwing it so that it distracts the
guard
giving samantha the time to clamp around
and make a run for a nearby boat
you live in the 21st century and they
live in the sticks in stone age
distracting them with this phone is a
great plan but
why do this in the middle of the day the
river is your best bet since you won't
have to cut through the forest and can't
get easily lost
but it would have been safer to get on
the boat in the middle of the night that
way you won't get spotted by the tribes
people
and you'll put enough distance between
you before they realize you're gone
it might actually be better not to use
the boat so as to not catch the eye of
other yahei who might be on the water if
they see an empty canoe they're gonna
check it out
see her inside and eat her samantha
makes the case that she can outrun the
tribes people because she ran track but
have you ever tried running track in the
jungle
the better strategy might be to send the
strongest these cannibals are both for
the jungle to track and chase their prey
quickly and over long distances
their cardiovascular systems are better
developed than ours it might be easier
to overpower one of them
rather than outrun them justine is
brought back to the cage and has for
some reason been painted
what happened to her exactly she can't
remember though at least as daniel
observes they plan on circumcising
justine which could kill her or as
alejandro puts it this could give them
more time until the bulldozers arrive
when when they are then visited by the
village children who give them food
amy at first doesn't eat it because
she's a vegan but gives in as she knows
she'll need her strength for the escape
but then she realizes that they're
eating samantha as she recognizes the
tattoo
on the meat and slits her throat using a
broken bowl shard
this is a blessing in disguise since
they know the tribe's people will eat
her body
they stuff large's marijuana down her
throat that way when the village people
eat her they're gonna be high as a kite
the male elder comes in quickly chops
her up and cooks her
so that the meat won't spoil something
the group doesn't bring up is what they
could do to make themselves less
appetizing to the cannibals
a few things that you could have done is
cover themselves in feces that gross
them out pretend to show symptoms of
sickness or
even act like they're being possessed by
a demon all these things i would try
but none of these things are likely
going to make the cannibals skip out on
dinner
thankfully this weed plan works as the
villagers are too high to care
about their prisoners when you're
desperate you come up with desperate
ideas
this could work in theory but i
seriously doubt it would get the entire
village high
the blood stopped circulating after
death so even if the thc was baked into
the body
wouldn't it only be the organs that
could get you high i don't know
this seems like stoner logic to me
justin and daniel manage to climb their
way out of the cage but before
lars can get out alejandro jabs him with
a blow dart keeping him around
so that the cannibals won't eat him
first and he's proven right as lars
wakes up to a couple of tribesmen who
eat him
alive talk about the munchies also nice
going alejandro now you're going to be
an excellent menu
bet you wish you escaped with the others
huh justine and daniel make their way
back to the plane where they find the
bodies of the other activists
put on stakes and to make matters worse
the gps battery
is dead going back to the plane is
logical the gps is still there and it
might be your best chance of being found
it's exactly what i would do
but that's the problem because you'll be
found by cannibal tribesmen before
anyone else arrives
also it's been almost two days since
they left and gps models similar to
theirs will only have 16 to 20 hours of
battery life so it's safe to assume that
this trip will end in resounding failure
being swept down river might be the
safer bet as most settlements are built
close to water
you might even find one that doesn't eat
people if you decide to travel by foot
cover yourself with mud not just to
blend in but to keep mosquitoes and bugs
away it will also cool you down which is
important
as one of the main dangers of surviving
the jungle is sun stroke and heat stroke
but thinking quickly they take one of
these still working phones from the dead
bodies
and end up getting knocked out by the
tribe's people justine awakens to find
herself tied up in being prepared for a
horrific ritual
and daniel has his bones broken before
he gets smeared with a paste
so that he can be eaten alive by ants
justine finally realizes that they're
about the circumciser but the ritual is
stopped as one of the tribesmen brings
back the head of a construction worker
the warriors of the village grab their
weapons and run off into the forest
along with some of the women and
children justine is freed by the kid who
she played her whistle to and she runs
out to take the phone from daniel he
begs her to kill him but
when she can't the girl kills him
instead and takes justine
out to the forest so that she can escape
now escaping is only half the battle
making contact once you've escaped
before they track you down is even more
difficult the tall trees are going to
catch any smoke from a fire
catch any light being reflected and make
it not impossible for someone to spot
any signal codes from the air
unless you're lucky enough to run into
some good samaritans you're not going to
survive
justine finds herself caught in a war
zone where the tribesmen are being
gunned down by the militia soldiers
she's able to convince them to save her
and take her aboard a helicopter
out of the amazon leaving alejandro for
dead when she makes it back stateside
she gives her testimony about what
happened
everyone else died in the crash and she
was saved by the native people who ended
up getting slaughtered by the company's
militia
a complete another lie later she gets a
call from alejandro's sister
who tells her that she's found a
satellite picture of alejandro who has
somehow managed to survive
now you might be thinking that if
alejandro survived that maybe we could
but i can't imagine what he did to
convince them to let him live the last
we saw him
he was screaming and freaking out
thinking he was going to be eaten
him being allowed to live amongst the
ajes is extremely unlikely and as the
last remaining prisoner he probably
should have been eaten which is why none
of us would survive
but what do you think do you agree with
my theories or do you disagree
let me know of a comment down below with
that said thank you so much for watching
leave a like and subscribe and check out
the playlist that's up in the channel
until next time have a damn good day